Add the new schema option to cargo-concordium commands. (#731)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/guides/build-schema.rst

.. code-block:: console

   $cargo concordium build --schema-out="/some/path/schema.bin"

If using ``cargo concordium`` version 2.6.0 or newer then the schema can be
output in JSON format that can be more suitable for use in dApps. When building

> the contract we can use ``--schema-json-out=DIR`` to output the schema for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the contract use ``--schema-json-out=DIR`` to output the schema for each
```

contract in the module to a JSON file inside the directory ``DIR``. The
directory must exist.

.. code-block:: console

   $cargo concordium build --schema-json-out="/some/path"

Both ``--schema-out`` and ``--schema-json-out`` can be used at the same time and
schemas in both formats will be output.

.. code-block:: console

   $cargo concordium build --schema-out="/some/path/schema.bin" --schema-json-out="/some/path"

Converting a binary schema to JSON
----------------------------------

> To convert an existing binary schema (obtained via ``--schema-out``) you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert an existing binary schema (obtained via ``--schema-out``) use the
```

``cargo concordium schema-json`` subcommand, e.g.,

.. code-block:: console

>    $cargo concordium schema-json --schema schema/schema.bin --out="/some/path"

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: we could make all commands consistent, either

cargo concordium schema-json --schema schema/schema.bin --out ./some/path

or 

cargo concordium schema-json --schema="schema/schema.bin" --out="./some/path"

Author: Good point.

> Alternatively, a schema in JSON can be extracted from an embedded schema by using

Reviewer 2: We could also mention how this module was obtained so that it has an embedded schema in it.

```suggestion
Alternatively, a schema in JSON can be extracted from an embedded schema in a module by using

Note: Such a module can be obtained with the command ``cargo concordium build -e --out ./module.wasm.v1``.
```

Author: Good point.

> Alternatively a schema in JSON can be extracted from an embeddeds schema by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a schema in JSON can be extracted from an embedded schema by using
```
